well boy howdy this is really nuts I
keep losing in the binding of issac
after birth plus maybe I shouldn't have
done too keeper runs in our last video
but you know here we are try we'll do a
lobster run instead I'll send an SOS to
the world a 3/4 FW h4j basically not up
play better you know we got a pretty
simple set of requirements here and you
know what just like I so can't you
freakin oh I swear to god this is doctor
who taught from mantis games oh this
freaking threw it I don't care
about Peter Capaldi Malthus I'm a
self-confessed
Doctor Who neophyte anyway let's get out
of here just like last run you know we
played as the keeper and I thought if
you're going through hell keep going
framerate looks much smoother now same
situation applies lost is much easier to
win as but I have whiffed on at least
one lost run recently which was the
daily possibly more I think I might have
died on a lost run earlier than that I
mean obviously at some point in my life
I'd died on a lost run earlier than that
but we need to get our sea legs back
underneath us it's the simplest thing in
the world you know maybe you throw for
homeruns the coach pulls you out of the
game I don't have that luxury I know you
don't throw home runs you know what I
mean you throw the pitches that lead the
home runs you left us some bloopers out
there crack of the bat smell of the
pitch cetera baseball everybody's
favorite pastime I don't have that
luxury you know I'm starting to games
the night here and trying not to get
myself blasted but Tommy John surgery
before I get that big payday from the
New York Yankees you know one good
season I can get a 120 million I don't
know anything about baseball okay that's
the thing that I'm trying to get here
that's the general gist of these
messages is that I don't know anything
about baseball but I do know something
about parasitoid egg tears low Dae the
egg either way our face is looking like
Wilson made
Hinch after he gets stung by that bee
drop a bomb I'm using bombs to look for
spirit hearts from tinted rocks but it's
not necessarily the right decision
because only because I say spirit are
something to rush I'm looking for a
small rock that's the only thing that
can provide me with the advantage which
I seek right now from tinted rocks or
golden chests but a golden chest is more
variable because you know we get to
choose whether or not we want to get it
once we approach the you know the golden
chest itself I don't know what I'm
talking about all I'm trying to do here
is focus on not dying against champion
version of monster it looks like he's
going down pretty easily Thank You
parasitoid tears for being nice now we
want tears upgrade belly button is okay
doesn't immediately synergize with our
existing trinket because we could get
rid of Isaac's head and been barely care
about it but it does indeed give us the
ability to hold two trinkets
unfortunately not that it's necessarily
bad but unfortunately I don't believe
that we can beat the system by then
getting mom's purse and being able to
get three trinkets I don't know if I've
ever had the opportunity I kind of
absent mindedly by mom's purse sometimes
so it wouldn't surprise me if we have
had the opportunity actually plays
continue moving on here tears upgrade is
the big one but if you want to give me a
really really good damage upgrade that
would be something as well I just really
I don't need a win I want to earn a win
if we have to get three more losses to
get an earned win that's fine by me any
win is the lost is an earned win even if
it's I know it's a complicated set of
rules I'm custom fitting to our exact
situation right here but you can you get
the idea any win as The Lost is an
earned win all we have to do is ensure
that we you know play our cards right to
try to minimize risk in the early game
until we can pop up hopefully on this
first deal with the devil but sometimes
that doesn't happen until a little bit
later so yeah I mean I genuinely I do
feel bad when I play bad and Isaac you
might think you know I have something of
an aloof nature you might
think I'm half asking the episodes and
then you know who cares the sheep will
eat it up anyway no it's not my
perspective whatsoever you know I I
would love to mystery sex fine including
fact very good I would love to pump out
non-stop bangers you know win after win
after win exciting commentary you know
references to Iggy azalea's 2013 Summer
Jam fancy unfortunately there's been
some bad plays lately all we can do is
make sure that they have the lowest
chance possible to happen to us this
time I don't think we'd really care
about going to our shop I do care about
killing this guy this is a nasty guy
right here if we don't pay attention his
bombs hit us underground I also think
that if he throws a portal at us
no if he throws a bomb through a portal
it can hit us with almost without
actually animating where it's going to
go like it hits before it lands or like
at least concurrent with when it lands
caffeine pill is fine as the lost balls
of Steel is obviously irrelevant this is
a dangerous situation though good news
is it's a big room you don't always get
that on a on a Krampus fight so just
keep him at bay we try to stand on like
the twenty two point five degree angles
so we're actually safe from whatever he
sends after us and if you rotates we got
time to get out of the way we get lump
of coal which is fine yeah we're good to
go all right so so far so good we're
definitely not stacked and not getting
double room precedent is really bad as
the lost because we wanted but we did
pick up some good stuff for free
basically but it's kind of like a false
equivalency because we actually just
can't pay for deals with the devil as
well lost anyway so any anything we get
from a deal with the devil is obviously
going to be free
in fact if nothing else we probably paid
the greatest cost of all by having to
fight Krampus and possibly risk dying
luckily we got out of that feeling
pretty good feeling switched on what's
weird is like there are times when I
play I is again I feel like I'm not
seeing the board well like I'm playing
the game just happens for whatever
reason
you know you probably haven't see you
you're playing like a fighting game for
whatever reason you're not you're just
not feeling the instinct the same way
you normally do I have not felt like
that recently and maybe that's like not
only might not see in the board but the
connection between my eyes and my brain
is you know messed up to the point where
I don't even know that I'm not seeing
the board you know they've taken my
sensors offline like Luke Skywalker at
the end of Star Wars and New Hope
spoilers or maybe we've been screwed by
undo variants it is I know I don't want
to say guarantee like I don't to say
it's definitely what happened but it is
plausible that you know some of the runs
that we've done recently have been
pretty tough you know oh god go for it
oh that's what happens when you get a
little self pitying there okay you know
what here's our seed 60w 2d sxj I really
should you don't spawn flies you shoot
bullets um we really should do like an
Isaac run and stop this needless bravado
we're at a minus five streak hilarious
but also my insecurities flaring up in a
big way so what do we need to do just be
battery I beg you and for God's sakes
try to lose some weight we are getting a
little unlucky but at some point you
know if you get unlucky six times in a
row you should have been able to make
one of those six times work that's my
two cents there sorry Larry King we're
going to take these you're going to take
these and then inside of our shop we get
box of friends which we don't care about
two of ours is also bad
keep moving on here I shouldn't need you
know brimstone Polyphemus to win the
game that's the thing I should you got
to survive a little bit of uncertainty
at the start of Isaac grunts to make it
work in the end I'm just play offs I'm
just hoping I can win a run now I think
I think I've got it in me to pull out
the W over you know this video at some
point I do still have a conspiracy
theory that the recent booster patch
actually made the booster pack I should
say actually made the game harder what
do I have to back that up absolutely
nothing I have no basis bases have no
basis with which to say that except that
my results are worse lately so we got a
it's up to us we got to purge our own
world of this salt save me from the
nothing I've become I don't I don't
succumb to despair easily so I'm still
feeling you know as hopeful as ever as
hopeful as I was 9 minutes and 24
seconds ago that this video is going to
come through in the clutch force ok look
at that dodge see he's still got it okay
but then you dodge right into the enemy
there I'm also wondering if maybe like
somehow I've dead cells myself like I
don't know whether you can't really use
that as a verb just you know as is but
you know if by playing more dead cells
you know another rogue light up kind of
compromised my Isaac's skills it's
something that has happened before like
when I got into Gunjan sort of gun
shinned my Isaac's skills got to the
point where you know I was careful doing
a lot worse than Isaac and not really
doing that well in guns you to begin
with but do it a lot worse than Isaac as
a result of those games being just
similar enough to like have an
overlapping skill set and yet still
different enough to throw you off you
know so I'm the grasping at straws when
it comes to excuses here but I also you
know I keeping with what I was saying on
like the last floor I'm not proud of
these of my play in these runs
you know the commentaries been on point
in in some of them but I'm not proud of
my eyes performance I'm a little
embarrassed if anything else or if
nothing else rather Keys no keys $0.03
why even bundle three cents up in a sack
man's just
it's just misleading is what it is a
secret room actually think that you know
let's focus on the positive for now
brown nugget is an item we haven't had
enough time to experience or enough
opportunities to experience in this game
and it is potentially a pretty good
space bar item compare it to oh I don't
know my favorite punching bag monster
man well probably don't want that huh
it's actually maybe like 1.5 million
times better that's a library way back
when no keys but there's a library way
back there it gives you multiple
familiars per room of a consistent
quality now the consistent quality is
not you know little grim if it's one of
the few items in Isaac that actually
gets better the longer you spend on a
room so it's like a design space that is
very little attention paid to it and
Isaac to be honest with you usually I
mean I guess you could argue Taurus but
usually things get a lot harder for you
the longer a run goes thank you for not
giving me Krampus will take pentagram we
got deal with the devil president 5.19
damage not crushing the run but not
doing too badly no keys means you know
who cares about the item room let's just
get going here is it always a champion
or is that just to denote that it is our
familiar
in the end I suppose it doesn't really
matter let's go peep it I'm not ever
scared spirit hearts tears up extremely
useful we haven't been hit so we can
leave I don't know why I went back for
the card though locust of pestilence
also good we're starting to construct a
workable run unfortunately we've thrown
away like a lot of good runs lately so
this is far from like us being in the
driver's seat right now I'm still having
to play pretty reactively pretty
intergalactic of planet airily
half-heart not super stoked about our
lack of keys but you know there's always
there's always room to grow there could
always use more consumables we never
want less consumables if for being
honest that's not a key there's a secret
room it is a secret room these are also
not keys in fact in many ways these are
anti keys and I don't think we can skirt
around them unless maybe you from school
squeezed behind them now okay so we're
trapped outside of our item room if we
get good deal with the devil look like
there's no mythical being that allows us
to sacrifice things like this maybe one
day Elon Musk I'm sure is working on it
however there's no mythical being to
which we can sacrifice item rooms for
guaranteed deals with the devil but I
would do it you ever want to know how
much I value go ahead on the character
like a loss I would give up all of my
item rooms for the rest of the game to
get a guaranteed deal with the devil per
floor we could get the deals with the
devil regardless but I don't even want
to leave it to chance I will I will take
the security over having a having a
guaranteed deal with the devil over the
plausible good stuff we can get in an
item room instead definitely I mean why
even pick up the spear at hearts at this
point you're just playing the games game
and that's lame lame
so we need keys dude black gold Texas
keys that's what they call them keys
open doors that's what clips said I've
been repeating it ever since
off of their 2006 album the hell hath no
fury or is that wait that might be off
we got it for ladies we got it for
cheaper now if you know it doesn't
matter the point is push it to the end
caves one means I'm gonna go shop
because we could buy a key and an item
there is a key for sale we definitely
want to go for broke here because
neither of those existing items are that
good uh red candle is a good option here
and you might be saying but NL what
about the whole brown nugget thing
oh yeah like that item is good but I
mean red candle is it's an a-minus item
at worst you know it's high-quality you
normally care about teleport it also
blocks shots but we really need some
extra damage and we'll always need some
extra damages the loss because it's one
of the few ways in which we can actually
improve the odds of winning a run you
know we can't really get more HP more
defense admittedly can be useful but
more damage or DPS whatever you know
terminology you want to use for it is
what's going to get the job done for us
here so BP odds 38% deal with the devil
you know what to my canadian eyes that
looks pretty close to 50/50 50/50 I've
got confidence so let's make that 80/20
and 80/20 is basically a hundred zero so
I'm pretty sure that we have a hundred
and ten percent chance of getting a deal
with the devil here you're laughing at
me right now saying look at this idiot
get ready get ready for the deal with
the devil not only deal with the devil
I'm calling it deal with the devil with
Abaddon I want that for your shot
you were scared for a second weren't you
I'm not superstitious but I would say
I'm a little officious both cadet okay
great spot now we have another floor to
get a joker card so we can this floor
we're not going to get a deal with the
devil we got to get an artificial deal
with the devil one way or the other
virus is not that useful but I'll take
spun no okay I found pills is not
deleterious by itself so I'm okay with
this we're actually in a very good spot
fate is meaningless but we'll take it
nonetheless takes it out of the golden
chest pool so we got more time to get
Guppies head Tammy's head a couple
couple of other head related items head
PE we raise hell just wanted to see
sometimes you can get different
combinations in there sometimes you can
get a bad in those rooms now that I
think about it why was I excited about
getting a bed in those rooms that's not
going to do too much for us
we got good pace it's one of the rare
situations in which I will straight-up
look at this run and say even though our
stats don't look that good this run is
better than it looks most of the time
I'm going to Ellie have a damaged but
our rate of fire is you know 2% less
than I'd like it to be so we suck but no
I'm looking at this one and going you
know the steps don't tell the full
picture in the positive direction here
nice we could be under estimating the
quality of this run better to you know
under under-promise over-deliver right
that's what they say that's what you
repeat when you're arguing about video
games on the internet you go what was
this company thinking you always over
promise or under deliver wait you always
under-promise and over-deliver it's good
advice though you know I'm a very
important businessman as I'm sure you're
aware from my my place on the internet
probably you know one of the top 300 or
400 thousand businessmen in Canada
specifically so you know we're climbing
that ladder slowly but surely very
important in business you know to be
honest which is why whatever companies
approached me for
to the content I say you know I make
garbage right like it's trash it's funny
trash but it's like it goes in the trash
can if it had a house its house would be
you know my roommate would be Oscar the
Grouch that's all I'm saying
I almost called him Oscar the grump
that's not his name deal with the devil
told you know deal with the devil fly
it's always important to be honest in
the business world you know and then
when it's like compost instead of
garbage they go wow you know he told us
to be garbage and then delivered one
tear higher than that maybe compost is
worse than garbage I don't know garbage
has a smell that's what a compost also
has a smell but then you also when you
smell it you go that's the sound of me
saving the world you know one bucket of
coffee grounds at a time garbage just
smells like oh you know any we mix all
colors together you always get brown how
is it that all garbage smells the same
maybe it's because I'm only smelling my
own garbage and I largely you know
consume the same things on a weekly
basis so that's why my garbage all
smells the same then no I you know you
ever passed by a dumpster it smells like
garbage all right I'm feeling
comfortable in this run I'm not feeling
that much pressure Joker cards told you
I'm not feeling that much pressure again
it's good just playing loose feeling
comfortable open this up don't get
anything out of it could have saved that
fool card for a better situation but
whatever no big deal go to our shop I
hope it's read it is not greed it's an
ace of clubs
that's not greed that's my Pratt
Tallmadge is coming this fall on ABC
taking the last man standing spot that's
my proctologist starring Brad Garrett as
my proctologist and wait Gilbert
Godfried is Z butthole yeah what were
you expecting Tim Allen that's not a
very good Gilbert Godfried impression
but I
want to ruin my voice for the rest of
the day retro vision full health
this would be a nice floor for us to
kind of kick it into gear wouldn't want
to suggest that we're in a horrible
position I should have tried to kick
that I know you want to kick pit clubs
tell you what we got this we got this
payout with a single penny you won't you
will you will I guarantee it you're
being mine flooded right now
SHP I don't want HP dude grow on HP for
it if I wanted HP I'd be playing a judge
oh that explains it so it's a bit of a
cheap play there you know a key is not
necessarily worth the sacrifice we could
have gotten more out of this but you got
to look because if it's a black market
you basically get six items or more for
free so five items I don't know
somewhere in that vicinity
so as far as I'm concerned it's kind of
a no-brainer it might be like a 5%
chance or less of being a black market
but you know if it pays out it's pretty
good like if I give you a 5% chance of
winning the Powerball lottery you'd be
like sign me up
I'll buy 20 tickets and I'll say nah
that's not how it works but you know I
see you have a cursory understanding of
statistics and as a result you're hired
that's right it was all an elaborate job
interview today's day and age you never
know when you're going to be hired do
jobs are just popping off everywhere
can't leave my house without somebody
offering me a job got to be like Nick at
the car dealership Silent Assassin we
have not been to our item room on this
floor did we even go to our item room on
the less we did it was an active item
that's right I recall now dim bulb gives
us a stat bonus for approximately half
of one Earth second I don't like when he
positions himself into the corner it
makes it very tough for us to do what
needs to be done got him that was
extremely close dude the tiers upgrade
is actually very very good we got keys
so don't forget to go to your your item
room on this floor but yeah now we
almost died a couple times there
honestly I caught a break got pretty
lucky maybe that's what we need to get
back on the horse I can live with it now
it's up to us not to squander it
what's your least favorite curse like
I'll start curses the blind is the best
curse because it has impacts on gameplay
curse the unknown the same curse of the
lost might be my least favorite I also
do hate curse of darkness though like
that one I'm just like I can't see it's
like being drunk in a video game you
know okay I get it but like stop please
luck food is fine we have to luck I mean
it might matter on the chest it doesn't
matter too much right now but I'm
telling you on the chest and might pay
dividends but for now we're down to the
next floor without a way to get out of
boss rush so we're probably not going to
do boss rush but probably want to blow
that up as well though with only one
bomb maybe we don't I think we've made
the right decisions on this run you know
we've got a great rate of fire red
candle was the right call I feel a
hundred percent about that dim-bulb is
kind of garbage for us because we only
temporarily get the stat bonus but
probably better than nothing what was
our other treat that we I thought we had
another one dim bulb could be great in
fact it's not even far at all from being
great all we need to do we opened our
shop okay
maybe after we go to item room curse
room and shop we'll come back see I mean
if we can't get out of boss rush we
don't really care about getting to boss
rush
the curse room is worthless got a long
way to go though should be stoked
actually we got out of the double key
room thanks to a teleport which means
that we actually got two free keys or at
least access to that room for free and a
forget-me-now room is not a useless room
you know it's an extra item room and
extra shop and an extra deal with a
double chance so you could say extra
boss item but considering we're fighting
mom you know it's sort of semi unlikely
that's going to matter that much so
here's the here's where I separate the
clever boys and girls from the the wise
boys and girls what do you take here red
candle or did I get hit I might have
been here red candle or dimbo red candle
or book of Belial my hypothesis is you
take red candle because it's more useful
even though I fully acknowledge that
with book of Belial you'd get some dim
bulb stat bonuses but only for the floor
I mean once every three rooms if you use
it once every three rooms you would be
stacked because you get a nice stat
bonus from dim bulb on the same room in
which you use book of Belial but
immediately after that room you'd be in
a tough spot again well you'd be in the
same spot if that was a tough spot you
would be back in a tough spot let's
leave it at that
how many special runes are there on this
floor I just want to go to where I want
to go thank you
9 volt ampere this is great stuff we
could actually skip boss rush now so I'm
thinking the forget-me-now room is not
the way we do this and it's really like
we might be able to chance it blank art
did show up earlier and blank our damper
it looks pretty solid right now but
would we have lived this long if we
didn't have a gimbal that's just useless
now thanks to 9 volt but small price to
pay for more rapid charges I'd say I
think we go for boss rush right away
let's go
save some time here yeah I think we go
for boss rush right now basically
because we can and also because it's
less finicky and also because I'm on a
minus 5 streak right now so I think you
know lend me your energy I need it
apparently and we all need somebody to
lean on I've always said that I believe
I was the first person to say that don't
let the media tell you lies trusting me
trusting you just in me yeah I'm just in
you I don't know where I'm going I mean
it we could use the red candle as a
teleporter here but I think I would
rather use red candle as a way to murder
enemies because eventually we can
teleport until we get into the boss
fights but eventually we have to kill
some bosses you know definitely want the
Polaroid keep this penis it's worth it
it's worth it maybe it's worth it ok
nice good job we got some speed upgrades
magnet serpents kiss and we got b1 it
take serpents kiss his servants kiss
that good for us no I don't believe so
because we don't really want the spirit
hearts but the poison damage is at least
not worth nothing
so Belial tiers with a good rate of fire
we have a great shell for beating rooms
that have a lot of enemies kind of an
ideal item for us right in the ad for us
right now
not item for us but an item for us right
now is a lusty blood we can kill enemies
easily it's just that our raw stats are
pretty bad so if we could you know start
by being in a bad place
kill one enemy and then start to ball
out of control that would be as close to
ideal I think as I can muster for like a
one-off item dude this is actually this
is the dream come true play your cards
right and also keep your heart three
stacks keep your heart these bosses are
smart play your part we're going to blow
this up that's not a second secret room
or crickets head it is a luck upgrade we
can fly so momma Gertie is fairly not
awful for us to fight let's go we don't
really care about blow sense at all I
mean that goes for real life as well I
think people talk about placenta from
time to time ago you know Tom Cruise ate
Katie Holmes placenta after they had
their kid out that's I mean honestly
that's weird as hell it's also like a
ten year old reference I don't know it
might literally be a ten year old
reference that placenta is ten years old
at this point although it's long since
been turned into actual shit obviously
let me focus for a minute here thank you
rotten baby just keep the keep the
damage coming here
good blocks buddy good blocks I was
hoping for a deal with the devil I was
hoping for a lot of stuff here we didn't
get it but what we did get is
effectively an eihwaz room and hear me
out here we obviously did not actually
get an a waz room that would be very
useful on that floor who evolved
actually would be useless because of the
fact that we would have gone to Sheol
instead but
we managed to get through two floors in
almost no time flat so I'm very very
happy about that
I also at the risk of Tooting my own
horn right before you know the Titanic
goes down here we kind of have a crappy
run it's a great run if we were any
other character because we could use
black hearts like willy nilly willy
nilly sounds like a van that got busted
for lip-syncing willie nelson songs nice
speaking of ten-year-old references that
reference is uh three times older than
ten
that's milli vanilli me livin in a told
me it Oh blame it on the rainbows of the
rain can be blamed I don't remember the
rest of the especially barenaked ladies
a song coincidentally from like 20 years
ago
Oh a nice dodge buddy these guys are no
joke the run though is kind of bad as
the lost at least it's also like
particularly bad for dealing with bosses
because the Belisle tears are not very
good at well they don't give you much
bonus unless you're dealing with a boss
that has multiple segments and I'm not
talking about phases I mean like
literally he's a segmented enemy like
he's an analyst
like Larry jr. or something short of
that what kind of like we're really low
on damage
and not really crushing it in any other
department obviously then on top of that
we got HP problems but we have holy
mantle which is saving the day for us of
course this boss fight is going to it's
going to be an interesting time in my
life I think if we make it through this
phase without losing holy mantle all
right you know what I'm not gonna finish
that sentence because we lost holy
mantle but I think we made it through
that phase without losing holy mantle
we're fine
100% we could still be fine but it's
more like a oh oh I actually don't
believe it like another video ends in
losses but we're going to come back
we're going to an isaac run I think
today's run was at least we performed it
was performing we got to get a win
though I got that means I got to stop
with the randoms temporarily do one
Isaac run reset our Universal karmic
clock and then come back for success for
now thanks for watching as I go on as
unprecedented slump if you enjoyed the
episode click the like button helps out
a great deal of course subscribe if you
wanna see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time